PRIVACY POLICY

We want you to understand how and why we collect, use, and share information about you when you access and use our platform, or when you otherwise interact with us.

By accessing or using the Platform, you consent to the information collection, disclosure and use practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that certain features or services referenced in this Privacy Policy may not be offered on the platform at all times.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY

When you access or use our platform , we may also automatically collect information about you.

This includes:

LOG AND USAGE DATA

We may log information when you access and use the services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked, user interactions, the requested URL, hardware settings, and search terms.

INFORMATION FROM COOKIES

We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data the platform stores and sends back to us when we make requests.
We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Services.
For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred settings.

WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

•	To provide and improve the our platform, address your inquiries and verify the information you provide.

•	Prevent and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and/or violations of our posted user terms;

•	To contact you with administrative communications, marketing or promotional materials (on our behalf) and other information that may be of interest to you.

•	Compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties (e.g. GitHub.com, Google etc)

•	For the purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.

We will not use your personal information for purposes other than those purposes we have disclosed to you, without your permission.
From time to time, we may request your permission to allow us to share your personal information with third parties.
You may opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your authorization.
If you choose to so limit the use of your personal information, certain features or our platform may not be available to you.

We will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties, but will only share your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.

AGE LIMIT

Our platform is intended and directed at individuals of all ages.

CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY 
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If we make a change to this policy that, in your sole discretion, is material, we will provide you with additional notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access or use our Service or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. 
Contact Us 
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us email, GitHub, Twitter, or Pinterest, 
This privacy policy page is contributed by @frankremmy

